README.rst, before:

=================
Flake8 Spellcheck
=================

|CircleCI| |Black| |PyPi|

Flake8 Plugin that spellchecks variables, functions, classes and other bits of your python code.

You can whitelist words that are specific to your project simply by adding them to ``whitelist.txt``
in the root of your project directory. Each word you add  should be separated by a newline.

Spelling is assumed to be in en_US.

This plugin supports python 3.5+

Codes
-----

* SC100 - Spelling error in comments
* SC200 - Spelling error in name (e.g. variable, function, class)

Enable Django support
---------------------

You can enable support for a Django dictionary by adding the following to your
flake8 configuration (e.g. your ``.flake8`` file):

.. code-block:: ini

    [flake8]
    dictionaries=en_US,python,technical,django


Specify Targets
---------------

Both ``comments`` and ``names`` (variable names, function names...) are spellchecked by default.
You can specify what targets to spellcheck in your flake8 configuration (e.g. in your ``.flake8`` file):

.. code-block:: ini

   [flake8]
   spellcheck-targets=comments

The above configuration would only spellcheck comments

.. code-block:: ini

   [flake8]
   spellcheck-targets=names

The above configuration would only spellcheck names

Contributing
------------

If you have found word(s) which are listed as a spelling error but are actually correct terms used
in python or in technical implementations (e.g. http), then you can very easily contribute by
adding those word(s) to the appropriate dictionaries:

* `python dictionary <flake8_spellcheck/python.txt>`_
* `technical dictionary <flake8_spellcheck/technical.txt>`_
* `django dictionary <flake8_spellcheck/django.txt>`_


.. |CircleCI| image:: https://circleci.com/gh/MichaelAquilina/flake8-spellcheck.svg?style=svg
   :target: https://circleci.com/gh/MichaelAquilina/flake8-spellcheck

.. |PyPi| image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/flake8-spellcheck.svg
   :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/flake8-spellcheck

.. |Black| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
   :target: https://github.com/psf/black

Commit message:

Make it so that anyone can easily check the sorting of dictionary lists
The script also now always checks all files, rather than erroring out on
the first unsorted file.

README.rst, after:

=================
Flake8 Spellcheck
=================

|CircleCI| |Black| |PyPi|

Flake8 Plugin that spellchecks variables, functions, classes and other bits of your python code.

You can whitelist words that are specific to your project simply by adding them to ``whitelist.txt``
in the root of your project directory. Each word you add  should be separated by a newline.

Spelling is assumed to be in en_US.

This plugin supports python 3.5+

Codes
-----

* SC100 - Spelling error in comments
* SC200 - Spelling error in name (e.g. variable, function, class)

Enable Django support
---------------------

You can enable support for a Django dictionary by adding the following to your
flake8 configuration (e.g. your ``.flake8`` file):

.. code-block:: ini

    [flake8]
    dictionaries=en_US,python,technical,django


Specify Targets
---------------

Both ``comments`` and ``names`` (variable names, function names...) are spellchecked by default.
You can specify what targets to spellcheck in your flake8 configuration (e.g. in your ``.flake8`` file):

.. code-block:: ini

   [flake8]
   spellcheck-targets=comments

The above configuration would only spellcheck comments

.. code-block:: ini

   [flake8]
   spellcheck-targets=names

The above configuration would only spellcheck names

Contributing
------------

If you have found word(s) which are listed as a spelling error but are actually correct terms used
in python or in technical implementations (e.g. http), then you can very easily contribute by
adding those word(s) to the appropriate dictionaries:

* `python dictionary <flake8_spellcheck/python.txt>`_
* `technical dictionary <flake8_spellcheck/technical.txt>`_
* `django dictionary <flake8_spellcheck/django.txt>`_

Before you submit a PR, it is recommended to run ``check-sorting.sh`` in the root of this repository,
to verify that all the dictionary files are still sorted correctly. Sorting is enforced by CI, so
you'll need to make sure the files are sorted before your PR can be merged.


.. |CircleCI| image:: https://circleci.com/gh/MichaelAquilina/flake8-spellcheck.svg?style=svg
   :target: https://circleci.com/gh/MichaelAquilina/flake8-spellcheck

.. |PyPi| image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/flake8-spellcheck.svg
   :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/flake8-spellcheck

.. |Black| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
   :target: https://github.com/psf/black
